docs: add links to environment api (#16392)
vitejs/vite: docs/guide/ssr.md

:::warning Low-level API
This is a low-level API meant for library and framework authors. If your goal is to create an application, make sure to check out the higher-level SSR plugins and tools at [Awesome Vite SSR section](https://github.com/vitejs/awesome-vite#ssr) first. That said, many applications are successfully built directly on top of Vite's native low-level API.

> Currently, Vite is working on an improved SSR API with the [Environment API](https://github.com/vitejs/vite/pull/16089). Check out the link for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, Vite is working on an improved SSR API with the [Environment API](https://github.com/vitejs/vite/discussions/16358). Check out the link for more details.
```
